what's up guys got a cool little warrior
trick for you today it's the leap
bum-rush combo now some of you guys are
probably going I know this trick I've
been doing this since the beta but you
probably don't know that this increases
the range of leap damage so you'll see
here in a second I'm going to leap to a
target and I'm clearly out of range my
Leap damage was not going to hit this
target but I bum-rush three-fourths of
the way through the leap cast and my
Leap damage hits at the very end of my
bum rush now this is something I just
figured out a long time ago by accident
and I had a few people on my stream go
whoa how did you do that and I thought
you know a lot of people knew about this
but apparently most people don't know
about the little trick of extending the
leap damage and the neat little trick
it's useful for a fight like curry
lacquer basically any fight with
movement it's free damage because by the
time you get to your target your leap
global cooldown is up and you can
instantly attack you'll see that in the
slow mo that gonna leap bum-rush boom
damage hits global cooldown is up and
I'm ready to swing so it's free damage
it's really good movement the way the
trick works is that bum rush is a unique
ability to where it triggers a global
cooldown but it does not require a
global cooldown to be up so you could
use it at any time you want to at any
point you want to you can bum rush
whereas leap is a rigid solid global
cooldown where you can't use it while
you're on global cooldown it also
triggers one so it's got to be leap then
bum-rush not bum rush then leap so yeah
that's how it works hope you guys
enjoyed it you'll have to mess around
the timing a little bit you have to be
sure to do your bum rush like three
fourths of the way through your leap
animation if you do it at the very last
second it won't extend the damage of the
leap I won't extend the range of the
leap damage but you'll still get the
range you'll just have to mess around
with it you'll get it but yeah hope you
guys enjoyed it and I will see you guys
next time I brought with me today the
patch notes okay now this isn't you know
I thought people's English and
this is just like three pages of paper
and like you know how they do the movies
the hundreds yeah but now I mean this is
there is just I mean this isn't this is
not double spaced filler stuff